Your girlfriend has a great figure,
her voice is like a heavenly melody.
Next time there’s a chance,
I’ll make her sing for real.
What’s wrong?
It’s late, you should go back.
Lianlian, did you do anything
with that bastard Jiuling?
Why would you suddenly ask that?
Just answer me.
No.
Then how do you prove it?
How do I need to prove it?
Is the trust between us
really that fragile?
Wu Tai, don’t you love me anymore?
Wu Tai, don’t do this!
Lianlian, you can sleep with other
men,
but you won’t even kiss
me?
I didn’t do anything with him.
You say you didn’t sleep with him,
then prove it to me
by doing it with me!
Just go back.
Lianlian, have you already been with
that bastard Jiuling?
So you put on this act for me,
just to make me agree
to break up with you,
right?